eventually the first two lines led to
more flip had made a momentous discovery
there was a surviving pride of desert
lions and it had found refuge in a
remote canyon this was the first time
that anyone had been able to get a
really good look at the world's most
unusual miles it was clear from the
start that their behavior was out of the
ordinary in the first sort of three or
four years I documented the most
outrageous growth rate it was in excess
of 30 percent per annum and all really
driven by for adult lionesses the only
word to describe them would be like
breeding machines because that's that's
just what they were not only this more
cubs were surviving to adulthood than
elsewhere in Africa this once
beleaguered group of lands was staging
an extraordinary comeback and it allowed
them to fan out into areas they hadn't
been seen in for over 20 years
[Music]
you